Bunch of book fixes (#1029)
FuelLabs/sway: docs/src/sway-program-types/libraries.md

## Writing Libraries

> Libraries are denoted using the `library` keyword at the beginning of the file, followed by a name so that they can be imported. e.g. `library foo;`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Libraries are denoted using the `library` keyword at the beginning of the file, followed by a name so that they can be imported, e.g. `library foo;`.
```
`E.g.` should either be capitalized as it is at the beginning of the sentence, or the previous sentence should actually be a clause ending in a comma. 
(source)[https://ell.stackexchange.com/questions/56861/capitalize-i-e-and-e-g]

}
```

> Libraries are composed of just a `Forc.toml` file and a `src` directory, unlike contract Sway projects which usually contain a `tests` directory and a `Cargo.toml` file as well. An example of a library's `Forc.toml`:

Reviewer: I know what you mean, but _contract sway projects_ is difficult for me to understand on first pass. Since we said _Libraries_ and not _Library Sway projects_, maybe this can just say _unlike contracts_?
```suggestion
Libraries are composed of just a `Forc.toml` file and a `src` directory, unlike contracts which usually contain a `tests` directory and a `Cargo.toml` file as well. An example of a library's `Forc.toml`:
```
